To clone this repository use command
- git clone https://github.com/Shubham-Ikhar/Library_management_CRUD_Django.git
- cd Library_management_CRUD_Django
- python manage.py runserver
--------------
### Workflow of Django Project be like:
> Client -> Views(Forms) -> Model -> Database -> Model -> View -> Return to client

# 1] Url dispatcher
Django gets user requests by URL locator and responds back to it. django.urls module is used by it to manage the URL’s requests. For any application in Django we create Python Module named as URLconf(URL configuration) as per Django Documentation. This module is responsible for mapping between URL path expressions to some specified view.

--> Syntax of the module is ```path(route,view,name)```

## 2] Views
A view is a part of your web application , which is a Python function responsible for accepting a web requests and returning corresponding web response to it. The response can be of HTML type containing HTML contents , or an image , or an XML document , or sometimes even errors like 404 error.
It is a part of our application where main logic of our application is written there ,remember that you have to link view to URL to see it as web page.

## 3] Model
Django model is a class which contains certain fields and methods and every attribute of class is field of database table. Django Model is a subclass of django.db.models.Model . Models are described in your respective applications as app_name/models.py where each model class is mapped to single table of your database . Whatever field you create in your model it will add to your database automatically , thereby reducing extra line of codes for creating table in database.
One important point to notice here is ‘id’ field is created automatically which changes with each record input by the user.

## 4] Template (nothing but views which display HTML code in UI)
Django provides template system which helps to distinguish between python and html contents. Dynamic HTML pages are generated by using template system. Here I have quoted how to write HTML content and thereby returns HttpResponse but before that you have to understand what does Render function do and what are their arguments?
Render function basically links your python code to HTML with following as arguments
- 1.Request
- 2.Path to your template
- 3.Dictionary of parameters

After writing this run following command in your terminal --> python3 manage.py runserver
Then run http://127.0.0.1:8000 in your browser

It will give you the home URL


#How to create project
```django-admin startproject Library_management```

### Now create an app called books
```python manage.py startapp books```

Now add the “books” app in settings.py

After adding all the code logic in views.py and creating table structure in model.py
Run the below command
```
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

Now you can run the server to see your app.
```python manage.py runserver```

